Hey guys, it's Maddie!
So, I've got a brand new lipstick
VERY BERRY from my new line. Makeup by Maddie
Follow the natural shape of your lip
This color is BRIGHT, people.
So, it'll give you that extra pop!
Get the right brush
Stuff is all over the place
Let's see... The place that you want...
Wait...ugh..ah...
Strangled... and it doesn't look like the old girl went down easy
The detectives always tell me
PJ, don't solve the cases. Just examine the body
PJ, don't touch that. That's sensitive evidence
PJ, did you eat my lasagna?
YES, Bernard. YES!
I LOVE LASAGNA
And I just can't help but wonder what happens to some of these poor folks
HEY, look at that
That is definitely a stamp from the Lila Lounge
I have lost A LOT of my diginity there
Tess, I'm dying over that lip color
Oh thanks, Mads, I actually designed it myself
VERY BERRY
You have your own line?
I am making a million selling these
I actually hurt my wrist counting all that money
What?
I'm kidding, I hurt it at the gym
Um, may I?
Sure
Could we get two whiskies?
Oh no no no no
No, I'm, I'm getting this one
Thank you
I'll be right there
I love that lip color on you
Oh, thanks!
The martinis
They'll catch you and then the music
Garbage
Not for me, what are you going to do?
Let's take a look shall we?
Hmm, nice color
Hey, Maddie, don't forget the rent tonight
Oh crap
This is the fourth month in a row
I, I can't keep covering for you
Do you know I skipped class four times to pick up extra hours at work?
Do you want some free product? You could use it
You know, you used to be nice
It was a joke, Morgan, I'm sorry
Okay, bruising...
Strangulation...
The assailant must have used some sort of strap
Hmmm, maybe a jealous lover perhaps
That's a French accent